	Our company’s name is called Life Lens and we provide an app where it’s possible to
take a picture of anyone and get all basic information about that person. This information
includes, criminal record,  place of employment, address, list of close relatives, name, date of
birth, etc. Our service provides a way of clarifying whether or not the stranger in question is a 
threat or not. We want to provide all information to our users to help ensure that our client makes 
their best decision. The goal of our company is to alleviate the idea of stranger danger and to
have a clearer sense of security in public. We want to increase the safety of public commuting. 
	Our target audience will be groups who may be more vulnerable to potential public harm. 
These groups may include children, women, elderly, people with disabilities, etc. Our service 
would allow for our clients to make better decisions that prioritize their safety. Public
transportation can feel stressful or worrying at times, but with the information we provide, 
it can help alleviate crime and uneasiness in the situation. 
	The idea in creating  this company started when I realized how scary it might be for
women or children to commute at night alone. I wanted to create a way of knowing whether or
not someone is a registered sexoffered, a convicted felon, and or has a criminal record. We
believe that this information should be held publically. Most people wouldn’t want their loved ones to be 
unknowingly surrounded by someone who might try to harm them. We believe that the majority of
the general public believe in the way that we do. This service could bring to light whether or not your
loved ones are really in safe hands or not. We believe that the benefits of this app heavily outweigh the
negatives and people have the right to know whether or not they interact with creeps on a day to day basis.
	Questions we have regarding the start of this company, how can we ensure privacy and 
security while delivering value safety information? Our second question is, how can we effectively
serve its target audiences while maintaining broad appeal? What technology advances can we take advantage
of to improve accuracy and efficiency in our recognition system? 
